[cackles]
My darkness will
swallow the world,
just you wait and see!
You think I'll lose to you?
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!
Roger's treasure belongs to me!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
In order to defeat one of the
Four Emperors of the New World,
the Straw Hats form
an alliance with Law.
Their current objective
is to destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory in
the kingdom of Dressrosa.
After learning of the
Kingdom's dark history,
Usopp broke the curse
on its people,
revealing the truth to all.
Doflamingo,
left with no other option,
confined the island in his
inescapable "Birdcage."
[DOFLAMINGO] Think it over.
Will you attempt to kill me?
Or will spare yourselves
and join my Family?
All that I'm asking you
to do is to hold just
12 fools accountable for
rebelling against me.
If you make the
wrong choice,
you'll never get to see
the end result of this game.
The stars will be worth
100 million berries each.
[TOYS]
...100 million Berries?!
[DOFLAMINGO]
The following individuals
will be your ticket out.
[ALL gasping]
Let me introduce
the One-stars.
[DOFLAMINGO] Now let's
move onto the Two-stars.
[laughing] And now, let's move
onto the head honchos.
I present to you
the Three-stars!
[ALL cheering]
[DOFLAMINGO] And finally,
there's one man in particular
who aroused my indignation and
resentment more than the others.
You can direct all
complaints to this guy
as he's the reason
you're all forced
to play this ruthless game.
And the person who kills him
will get a hearty reward:
500 million berries!
[ALL cheering]
[USOPP]
F-F-Five stars?
Soldier's there? He turned back
into a human, didn't he?
Tell me, Lucy! What is he like?
That's a funny question!
You mean you don't know?
That one-legged soldier, right?
He's your father.
Happiness will return to you.
Until then, I will
stay by your side!
[REBECCA]
I thought so!
I promise I'm gonna
give Doflamingo
the biggest beating
of his life for you!
Make sure you guys all
live to see it, okay?
I'll end his stupid
game in no time!
So stay safe! You hear me?
Right!
[LUFFY]
"Breaking Through Enemy Lines!
Luffy and Zoro Launch
the Counter-Attack!"
Luffy, what's your current
status? Who's there?
Zoro's with me, and
Traffy is, too. And uh...
Doldo Riku the Third.
And me, Viola.
[gasps]
[LEO, FLAPPER]
King Riku!
[DWARVES gasping]
Viola, too? No way!
Great. That's five total?
Stay safe.
[gasps]
[LUFFY] Huh. Something
the matter, Robin?
[SABO chuckles]
[sighs] Nothing. We're fine.
I'm with Usopp and Rebecca.
We'll head over.
[LAW] Do you even know what
you're doing, Straw Hat?
[LUFFY grunts]
Maybe you need a reminder?
We were supposed to
destroy the factory
in order to provoke a conflict
between Kaido and Doflamingo.
Did it ever cross your mind
that if we prematurely
kill that bastard,
it'll only cause Kaido to
redirect his anger at us?
Is that what you really want?
To take on a pissed off Emperor?
Things don't always
work out. We have to.
[gasps]
Did you even think
of the kingdom?
If we chicken out now,
what'll happen to it?
[TOWNSMAN A] Be on the lookout
for those criminals!
Capturing them is gonna be
our only way outta this!
Find any?
No, not yet at least.
If you spot 'em, just shout!
And we'll back ya up, okay?
[MARINE A screaming]
Stop me!
[MARINE A grunting]
[TOWNSMAN E gasping]
Lucky I'm here. Now, stand up.
I'm not in control!
[grunts]
So sad.
[MARINE C]
Keep walking!
Well, Admiral. What's the plan?
Get Doflamingo?
These people need our help.
We'll restrain the rowdy ones.
After that, we'll set our sights
on Straw Hat and Law.
Huh?
You heard me. Tell our men.
Well, let's go!
Wait! What about my handcuffs?
They'll fall off eventually.
That's not how it works!
One sec. I'll help.
[LAW]
You know where the key is?
[VIOLET]
Mm. Sort of. It fell.
[LUFFY screaming]
[VIOLET screams]
[KYROS yells]
[LAW grunting]
[VIOLET screams]
[VIOLET gasps]
It has to be somewhere
around this plateau.
Just wait. I'll look.
[LUFFY yelling]
You know how we're
gettin' there yet?
Yeah. Straight through!
That fool! He's jumping?
My word!
[LUFFY yelling]
I'm coming for you, Doflamingo!
[LAW grunting]
[LUFFY yells]
[ALL gasping]
[MARINE D]
Why are so many people pouring
out of the Colosseum?
[MARINE E]
Wh-What the hell's going on?
[MARINE F]
The whole structure shifted.
I think they're coming
from the underground.
Careful! I bet
they're the ex-toys.
They don't look too happy to me!
Enraged soldiers!
Aggravated officials!
And rowdy pirates!
I can't really blame
them if they riot
as a result of their injustices.
How did this many
people go unnoticed?
[panting] Where's
Straw Hat, huh?
Hey, Maynard! You owe me
an explanation as to why
you entered the tournament!
That was way out of line.
You're lucky to
be alive, really!
[pants] Just hear me out.
I got an inside look and learned
some real dirty details.
We gotta take Doflamingo
into custody.
I'm telling you, it's for
the good of the whole world.
Where's Issho?
[KOALA]
Finally, some alone time.
Now I can wrap up
my investigation
without any interruptions.
Interesting...
An imposter pirate ship!
And it's from the
Kingdom of Biggschots.
So nations from
all over the world
use this port for secret deals?
[PIRATE A] I dunno man,
what are we supposed to do?
Marines are crawling
all over this place!
We'll have our asses
handed to us
if they find out we've been
trading with Doflamingo!
[PIRATE B]
Panicking's not gonna help.
We gotta cover our
tracks and wait.
[PIRATE C] Damn, I wish we
could take the boat and bail.
[PIRATE B] Let's just hurry up
and destroy the evidence.
The ship's gotta go, too.
[gasps]
[PIRATE B]
All right? Now get to work.
[PIRATE C]
Y-Yes, sir!
I'm sorry to interrupt!
Who are you?
[exhales]
[PIRATE B grunts]
[KOALA yells]
[PIRATES groaning]
[PIRATE A groans]
[PIRATE A groaning]
[KOALA sighs]
[KOALA] Shame on you guys
for trying to burn evidence!
[TOWNSPEOPLE screaming]
Please don't do it!
I'm sorry!
Honey!
[screams] Guys! Run away!
[MAYNARD]
Why not, Issho?
Doflamingo is unfit to be a
Warlord! We have to stop him!
We can't make that call.
We've been doing it
like that too long.
The same old song
and dance every time.
You've been in the Navy
for quite a while,
if I recall, Vice Admiral?
Huh?
[FUJITORA]
Don't tell me you never once
opened your ears
this whole time?
You hear those screams?
That's not fear. It's rage.
No, those aren't the cries
of terrified folks.
They're furious.
That's why the World Government
has no business playing God!
[gasps]
[FUJITORA]
My decision stands.
This matter is not
up for discussion.
[DIAMANTE] So, they're all
after the SMILEs, right?
[TREBOL]
Yeah, Doffy! I don't get it!
Don't we need to
protect the factory?
[DOFLAMINGO]
They won't get by the doors.
They are Sea Prism
Stone, after all.
Besides, I have
the keys right here.
[BOTH gasp]
Whoa! What?
You sure that's smart?
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
I don't owe them a drop of hope.
Trebol. You're useless.
I can't believe
babysitting was that
challenging for you. Goon.
You're the goon! Besides, old
man, she's not really a kid!
Hey, hey. Doffy.
I'm sorry about Sugar!
Please don't get mad at me.
That guy had his arms
and legs bound!
I didn't think he'd be able
to pull off a trick like that!
I really messed that up, huh?
I, too, goofed. My bad. I didn't
think I'd have to deal with
the Revolutionary Army's
second-in-command
all of a sudden.
We just weren't ready.
Yeah, yeah!
Huh. Quit making excuses!
It's gross, and that's
with a capitol G!
[DOFLAMINGO] It's in the past,
as far as I'm concerned.
We can't turn back time,
and blaming you
wouldn't do me any good.
Yeah! That's why you're
the number one boss, Doffy!
[laughs] Hear that, Lao G?
I'll accept your
forgiveness if you insist!
By the way, what about Fujitora?
I think when push
comes to shove,
he'll be a problem.
I already had a chat with him.
I assure you, the Marines
will stay off our backs.
But once we're done using him,
I need him gone.
[FUJITORA]
Once that is settled,
I'll be taking care
of you... personally.
[DOFLAMINGO]
Excuse me?
[FUJITORA] Now I may be
a newcomer to this game,
recruited through the
World Military Draft.
But since I was appointed to
the position of Navy Admiral,
I've got but a
simple goal in mind.
I won't stop till I witness
the complete abolition of
the Seven Warlords system!
[DOFLAMINGO] No good will come
from keeping him alive.
Although, taking him out
will be a real chore.
[TOWNSPEOPLE screaming]
All right!
Let's hit the next area!
Restrain anyone
who's out of control!
Let's find the Straw Hat
pirates and Trafalgar Law!
[MARINES]
Yes, sir!
That's funny.
It seems like we are invisible
to the Marines, huh?
Agreed. I hope. They're showing
respect to the Young Master,
but maybe it's all a set up.
Ah! Or maybe they're
wetting their uniforms
because of the Birdcage!
Anyway, what I wanna know is
how that pervert found the
strength to cut and run.
Also, where the hell is he?
I'd like to know that myself.
He sure did take quite
the beat-een, huh?
He can't have gotten
too far though with
as many people controlled by
the Young Master's
ability, yeah?
[grunts] Give him some credit.
Dunno about you,
but that guy's iron will
shook me to my core.
Listen up, losers!
I'm gonna go nuts and wreck
this place all day long!
Don't ask me why!
[MACHVISE]
Uhh...
[DELLINGER]
Uh?
Anyway, we're going to need
to get serious here.
I think we'll have to go all
out to finally put him down.
[WOMEN]
Ooh! So hard-boiled!
I bet that's gotta be
the SMILE factory!
Crazy how it's out in
the open like that!
It's practically beggin'
for a laser beam! [laughs]
Why is there a balloon fall-een?
[SEÑOR]
Huh?
[WOMEN yelp]
[WOMEN gasping]
I won't always be here.
Ladies, watch yourselves.
[LUFFY grunting]
[MACHVISE]
Law!
You must have some massive
cojones on you showing up here!
Oh? That's Big Brother Law,
all grown up?
H-Hey.
Oh, no!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE A]
It's Straw Hat Luffy!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE B]
And Trafalgar Law!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE C]
And the Pirate Hunter!
Crap! I shoulda picked
a better spot!
Hey, Straw Hat.
When these cuffs are off,
I'll kill you myself!
C'mon, Law. Not his fault.
No place is safe. Anywhere
we land, everyone's an enemy.
Now shut up. Let's run.
Right!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE D]
After them!
[LUFFY]
Not that way, Zoro!
[LAW]
Not that way either, Straw Hat!
[TOWNSMAN M]
We found some of the fugitives!
[TOWNSMAN N] I think it's two
Three-stars and a Two-star!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE E]
Don't let them escape!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE F]
Stop!
[DELLINGER] Big Brother Law,
it's so nice to see you!
Who's this kid? Do you know him?
[LAW] That's Dellinger.
Take extra precaution with him.
Huh?
[laughing] Not bad!
[gasping]
I tripped! Some weird swimming
man-baby grabbed me!
Vise! You're up!
Watch out! He'll crush you
with his super-weight powers!
Let go of me!
[MACHVISE]
Ton Ton! Ten-Ton Vise!
[LUFFY yells]
[LUFFY grunting]
I'm stuck. I can't get free!
[MACHVISE chuckles]
[laughs]
Last time I made a boo-boo!
Pistol High Heel!
[MACHVISE grunting]
No!
Ow!
Yes! My legs are free!
[ZORO]
Great! Let's go.
Hold up! You're worth
800 million berries!
We'll kill you!
Fire!
[LUFFY grunts]
--[LUFFY yelling]
--[TOWNSPEOPLE groaning]
[TOWNSMAN P] Whatever you do,
don't let them get away!
Damn! What a pain.
I wish the townsfolk
would back off!
I don't feel right hurtin' 'em.
Yeah. I'll use my Haki!
[FUJITORA]
Shut it down.
[TOWNSPEOPLE gasping]
[FUJITORA]
He who shoots often
may sometimes hit at last,
but not in this case.
[TOWNSPEOPLE gasping]
[ZORO growls]
[TOWNSMEN gasping]
The Navy Admiral.
It's the gambling old guy!
[NARRATOR] Luffy and Zoro
have a run in with Fujitora!
As the clash rages on,
a tremendous power
starts shaking the
heavens and earth.
It's revealed to be
the Top Executive Pica
finally showing the
extent of his strength.
With his immeasurable size,
he threatens to crush Luffy,
along with the entire kingdom!
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"With a Rumbling of the Ground!
The God of Destruction -
Giant Pica Descends!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!